Print the value in `error: cannot coerce` messages (#9553)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/rl-next/print-value-in-coercion-error.md

synopsis: Coercion errors include the failing value
issues: #561
prs: #9553
description: {

The `error: cannot coerce a <TYPE> to a string` message now includes the value
which caused the error. This makes debugging much easier:

```
$ cat bad.nix
let
  pkgs = import <nixpkgs> {};
  system = pkgs.lib.systems.elaborate "x86_64-linux";

> in
>   import <nixpkgs> {inherit system;}
> ```
> 
> Previously, attempting to evaluate this expression would produce a confusing error message:
> 
> ```
> $ nix-instantiate --eval bad.nix
> error:
>        … while evaluating a branch condition
> 
>          at /nix/store/m8ah0r1ih2shq35vp3hj1k0m1c4hsfga-nixpkgs/nixpkgs/pkgs/stdenv/booter.nix:64:9:
> 
>            63|       go = pred: n:
>            64|         if n == len
>              |         ^
>            65|         then rnul pred
> 
>        … while calling the 'length' builtin
> 
>          at /nix/store/m8ah0r1ih2shq35vp3hj1k0m1c4hsfga-nixpkgs/nixpkgs/pkgs/stdenv/booter.nix:62:13:
> 
>            61|     let
>            62|       len = builtins.length list;
>              |             ^
>            63|       go = pred: n:
> 
>        (stack trace truncated; use '--show-trace' to show the full trace)
> 
>        error: cannot coerce a set to a string
> ```
> 
> Now, the error message includes the set itself. This makes debugging much
> simpler, especially when the trace doesn't show the failing expression:
> 
> ```
> $ nix-instantiate --eval bad.nix
> error:
>        … while evaluating a branch condition
> 
>          at /nix/store/m8ah0r1ih2shq35vp3hj1k0m1c4hsfga-nixpkgs/nixpkgs/pkgs/stdenv/booter.nix:64:9:
> 
>            63|       go = pred: n:
>            64|         if n == len
>              |         ^
>            65|         then rnul pred
> 
>        … while calling the 'length' builtin
> 
>          at /nix/store/m8ah0r1ih2shq35vp3hj1k0m1c4hsfga-nixpkgs/nixpkgs/pkgs/stdenv/booter.nix:62:13:
> 
>            61|     let
>            62|       len = builtins.length list;
>              |             ^
>            63|       go = pred: n:
> 
>        (stack trace truncated; use '--show-trace' to show the full trace)
> 
>        error: cannot coerce a set to a string: { system = "x86_64-linux"; ... }
> ```

Reviewer: The example can be a lot simpler:

````suggestion
The `error: cannot coerce a <TYPE> to a string` message now includes the value
which caused the error.

Previously, a failed string coercion would produce a confusing error message if the trace doesn't show where the offending value is defined:

```bash
$ nix-instantiate --eval --expr '
let x = { a = 1; }; in

"${x}"
'
error:
       … while evaluating a path segment

         at «string»:4:2:

            3|
            4| "${x}"
             |  ^
            5|

       error: cannot coerce a set to a string
```

Now, the error message includes the offending value itself:

```bash
$ nix-instantiate --eval --expr '
let x = { a = 1; }; in

"${x}"
'
error:
       … while evaluating a path segment

         at «string»:4:2:

            3|
            4| "${x}"
             |  ^
            5|

       error: cannot coerce a set to a string: { a = 1; }
```
